
				XCLOCK NOTES
				------------

Description
-----------

    This version of xclock is a Motif-based variant of the MIT xclock 
program,  with an alarm feature, and a new "cat" mode, in addition to
the analog and digital modes.

History 
--------

    The code here started out as an X10 client program back in 1984.  Xclock 
was originally written by Tony Della Fera of DEC, and "Hacked up by a cast of 
thousands . . .".  The alarm feature was added sometime later by
Ed Moy of Berkeley.  For X11, xclock was turned into an Xaw application
by transferring most of the functionality to an xclock widget.  The
alarm feature never made it back into the MIT sources.

    The current incarnation of xclock is now a Motif 1.1.1 application, and
has the new "cat" mode.  The cat image was based on the famous "Kit-Cat" (R)
plastic wall clock, and was designed by Deanna Hohn of DEC Advanced Technology
Development.  The Motif interface, eyes, tails, and the general state
of the program now are a product of Philip Schneider of DEC.

    Only God and a large number of lawyers could ever determine exactly
who owns this code, what the copying restrictions might be, etc.  You're
probably OK as long as the original copyright header remains intact, and
you don't try to sell it or use it in any sort of a product.  The original
code came from MIT, and so I expect that their ownership/copying restrictions
apply.  Changes done by Deanna Hohn and Philip Schneider are free of
any restrictions beyond those which may hold for the original sources.


Compiling
---------

    On most systems,  just typing in the following should do what you want:

	xmkmf <top-level X directory> .
	make depend
	make

    A non-imake Makefile exists for those who might want/need it, called
    Makefile.simple.

    You may need/want to change the following things in the IMakefile :

	MOTIFLIBS	--	locations of libXm.a and libXt.a
	MOTIFINCS	--	include file directories
	DESTINATION	--	where to install xclock
        DEFINES         --	define HAS_GNU_EMACS if you use
				GNU emacs; comment-out if you use
				an emacs that must be executed in
				an xterm window.

    This program has been tested only on DEC Ultrix workstations.  It
*should* be portable to any X/Unix/Motif-"compliant" system.  There
may be some os-dependent stuff in the parts of the code that allow
you to call up your editor on the alarm file, but this should be
easily removable or fixable if need be.  


Application Defaults / Command-line Options
-------------------------------------------

    Xclock (should :-) correctly parse all Xt arguments, and all the usual
Xt resources (e.g., in one's .Xdefaults file) apply to xclock. (These are
things like -display, -geometry, -reverse, etc.)  In addition, there are a 
number of xclock-specific options, which are detailed in the man page
"xclock.man".  A sample set of entries for one's ".Xdefaults" file are located
in the file "xclock.ad".


Bug Reports
-----------

    Please send bug reports, comments, etc. to :

	Philip Schneider
	pjs@pa.dec.com


